PR: use attributes to address the missing article in the RHEL web console term (#3071)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_host-management-and-monitoring-using-cockpit.adoc

[id="Host_Management_and_Monitoring_Using_Cockpit_{context}"]

> = Host management and monitoring using {CockpitL}

Author: ```suggestion
= Host management and monitoring using {the-Cockpit}
```

> You can use the {Cockpit} interactive web interface to perform actions and monitor {EL} hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use {Cockpit} interactive web interface to perform actions and monitor {EL} hosts.
```

Else, it'd be "the the RHEL web console"

Reviewer: My bad! You're spot on.

> {CockpitA} is an interactive web interface that you can use to perform actions and monitor {EL} hosts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use the {Cockpit} interactive web interface to perform actions and monitor {EL} hosts.
```

> You can enable a remote-execution feature to integrate {Project} with {CockpitL}.
> When you install {CockpitL} on a host that you manage with {Project}, you can view the {Cockpit} dashboards of that host from within the {ProjectWebUI}.
> You can also use the features that are integrated with {CockpitL}, for example, {LoraxCompose}.

Author: ```suggestion
You can enable a remote-execution feature to integrate {Project} with {the-Cockpit}.
When you install {the-Cockpit} on a host that you manage with {Project}, you can view the {Cockpit} dashboards of that host from within the {ProjectWebUI}.
You can also use the features that are integrated with {the-Cockpit}, for example, {LoraxCompose}.
```
